c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\feature.exe.config
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\feature.exe
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\feature.pdb
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\IPPrototyper.exe
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.xml
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\obj\Debug\feature.Form1.resources
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\obj\Debug\feature.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\obj\Debug\feature.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\obj\Debug\feature.exe
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\obj\Debug\feature.pdb
c:\users\sumukh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\feature\feature\obj\Debug\feature.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
